Hello All,

I've been talking a lot of shit over the past few weeks about starting a bad ass World Cup pool where interested parties could take part in a live "auction" of teams, but due to my uncharacteristically busy schedule and out of townness, I've had to become more pragmatic in my approach.  I'm thinking I have a more "global" and flexible solution that would not require an in-person draft/auction.  The silver lining in this approach is that it potentially opens this up to a much wider pool of speculators.


Here's my proposal...

The auction:  All 32 teams are bid for in an ongoing "virtual" aution via a shared google docs spreadsheet.  At some point the bidding process will end and all teams will have an owner.  All bids must be somehow paid to me well in advance of the tournament starting.  I completely trust everyone and it's not huge money were talking about here but at the same time I don't feel like playing bill collector a month later (I've been on both sides of this before).  I'm thinking the shared spreadsheet would look something like this...


The games:  The world cup plays itself out.  This will happen independantly of this contest, but payments from the pot will be issued at two points.  1) End of the first Round, 2) End of the world Cup.  I'm thinking the pot will be split like this but I am open to suggestions....

30% of pot goes to Overall Winner
20% 2nd place
10% 3rd place
40% Split among 16 teams that make it out of the 1st round

Note that there is a decent amount of payout for advancing past the 1st round so some of the "long shots" could very well be worthy of a look under this format.  Also note that the top 3 winners will also get at least one first round payout.

FAQ:
Q) This isn't fair!  Can't some rich jagoff pay 300$ for the top 3 teams and buy the pot.  
A) If you think about it, the high bidder wouldn't really benefit under this scenerio - he would be most likely just winning his own money back - possibly losing his ass if an underdog wins.  Plus, much of the 300$ would be split amound 1st round advancers.

Q) I don't have a big gambling budget so I'll never be able to afford a top tier team.
A) Then bid for an underdog or a first round bubble team and hope you advance.  

Q) Can my cousin Eddie join?
A) Depending on how many people respond to this - Maybe (there are only 32 teams).  Of course, forward this to anybody that "should" be on this but I forgot.


If this is something you are interested in, send me an email ASAP with the following info.

If you are not interested - that's something you'll have to live with for 4 years, but I will take you off the email distro.


Thanks!
Steve

P.S.  I will try to have some Baltimore based Saturday/Sunday viewing events in fells or something which will give the chance to talk trash to your oppnents face to face. 





















